# iam-1-cybersecurity-current-event-report

2016 Presidential Campaign Hacking Fast Facts

1. What type of attack was this? Phishing Attack.
2. How was the vulnerability discovered? In September 2015 the FBI contacts the Democratic National Committee's help desk, cautioning the IT department that at least one computer has been compromised by Russian hackers. A technician scans the system and does not find anything suspicious.But in November 2015 the FBI reaches out to the DNC again, warning them that one of their computers is transmitting information back to Russia. DNC management later says that IT technicians failed to pass along the message that the system had been breached.
3. How were the attackers able to exploit the vulnerability? The hackers created a fake email account and use it to send spear-phishing emails to more than thirty Clinton staffer, according to investigators. In the emails, the hackers embed a link purpoting to direct the recipient to a document titled "hillaryclinton-favorable-rating.xlsx. Which the link directs the recipients' computers to a website operated by the hackers. Hackers also use stolen credentials to access the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee computer network, stealing date with malware. 
4. Were there security measures that could have been taken in order to prevent this attack? Yes, by not clicking the link that's suspicious. Having an Anti-Phishing toolbar can help as this will alert someone about any type of phishing attacks. The use of Antivirus Software, which will scan every file that comes through the internet to someone's computer. It also helps prevent any damage to the system. Last thing is to have Firewalls, which reduces the odds of hackers and phishers infiltrating someone's computer or network.
